okay guys got me this little speaker
trying to make the wonderful speed trap
they like I I got my buddy down the
street well mailbox and so yeah hardy
and this is a bottom oh wait show get
away I don't want you here go away I'm
doing your mom get away exactly okay
shoot oh my god get out you did trying
to do something what are you doing it
awake wait look wait alright guys knew
the only high do it stuff right busy I
can't go said go away not nothing like
that freaking pervert up I try to get
away why would what do you think no I'm
not watching porno video you perv no
you're not gonna be unit chew you know
this is all be courting i'm gonna upload
this Oh your ass out of here I will
shoot you right now my airsoft gun sorry
about that okay their video little bit
later but right now this is a guard
enough so we'll speaker
yeah you trap you need to go okay hi so
the neighbors like this unless they're
all wired up and stuff it works it's not
loud enough you can be like site you can
feel the cool like the beat everything
great just can't talk how do you like
make it loud and what Oh what do you
want to get out of here before she won't
show you this fine okay god I'd even
shoot him fucking crying okay sure all
right well I just need like what do you
use what um what do you use like what
resistor to use what fucking what look
pastor does use like that I'm sorry that
fucking little neighbor kids are doing
right so and i'll upload it when your
community answer and i get it all fits
thanks